# Packet Sniffer
 
I created a packet sniffing program in python for my Something Awesome Project this term. How it works is that I create a raw socket that is constantly listening for any packets that are sent in and out of my computer. In the process of creating a socket, I will bind all the Ip addresses your computer has and run the program in a thread for every Ip address.
It then unpacks all the data through many bit-wise operations and prints it out to the terminal. It also does an API call to Google Drive every 10 packets detected and writes all the data that was printed out to a Google Doc so everything is recorded.
Some challenges that were faced were mainly the research involved in the creation of the program. I had attempted to unpack the ethernet frame (lowest level of the packet data) and my program simply gave out nonsense. It took me days of research until I found on stackoverflow that my operating system (Windows 10) does not support unpacking ethernet frames. I also could not use the university’s Linux system because I require administration privileges to run my code which I could not get at the time.
Another challenged that I faced was actually getting the Ip address of my computer. Although there were functions that were designed to give you the Ip of your computer, my laptop would only print out UDP packets and nothing for TCP which was the main point of the program. I scouted around the ip addresses and manually changed it to the Ip address my router is connected to on my pc. Suddenly, all the TCP packets flooded in and my UDP packets disappeared. It then came to my attention that computers can have multiple network adapters, allowing them to have multiple Ip addresses. This was the case for my laptop and not for my Desktop PC. 
